Mom, you heard the recording just now
This is clearly Su Yiyi's fault
How can you blame the revival?
He's your son-in-law
Precisely because we are a family
Don't be so desperate
No one makes mistakes when they are young
Why are you so fussy?
I can't explain it to you. Go back.
Fu Nan, you are actually an outsider now
Are you kicking me out?
I really raised you for nothing
Sister, I'm sorry.
I made you quarrel with your aunt.
You're right about this
No need to apologize
Mom
No more boy
He can't see the way we treat him
Now he will be framed by the other party one by one
It's all right now.
Forcing him to divorce Chen Fei one by one
What's this about?
You all heard the recording
How can you reverse black and white in front of dad?
Auntie, I don't like to hear you say that
Then I won't either.
I don't want anything.
Go see that little white face
I think it must be the lucky star.
That guy already saw that we don't like him
I think this piece is all against our family
Is sister-in-law
If you want us to forgive you
You need a little white point to apologize to Yiyi.
Otherwise I'm not done with you